Update faq.md - What is in scope for the Open Source Project Security Baseline, and what is out of scope ? (#333)
ossf/security-baseline: docs/faq.md

OSPS Baseline compliance is a point-in-time status.
We encourage projects using the OSPS Baseline to say something like “As of April 31, 2025, this project complies with OSPS Baseline version 2025-02-30 level 2.”

## What is in scope for the Open Source Project Security Baseline, and what is out of scope?

> This baseline seeks to address security hygiene elements — those which lock down the ways of working, delivering the product, and equipping its users to adopt it safely.  To use an analogy, it’s like home builders who lock up tools, secure the construction site, and control who enters, but also ensure the finished house is handed over with clear instructions for safe use. It’s not about changing the blueprint—it’s about protecting the build process and delivering a home that’s ready to live in securely.
> 
> By contrast, secure design and development are out of scope for this activity. Continuing the analogy, those activities would be the responsibility of the architects and builders who create the blueprint and decide how the house is constructed to prevent break-ins—with reinforced doors, secure locks, strategic layouts/no backdoor, or built-in security systems. It’s about designing security into the structure itself, not just safeguarding the build and handoff. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This baseline seeks to address security hygiene elements — those which lock down the ways of working, delivering the product, and equipping its users to adopt it safely.
To use an analogy, it’s like home builders who lock up tools, secure the construction site, and control who enters, but also ensure the finished house is handed over with clear instructions for safe use. 
It’s not about changing the blueprint—it’s about protecting the build process and delivering a home that’s ready to live in securely.
We're not checking the quality of your blueprint... just making sure that you have one on record with the city.

By contrast, secure design and development are out of scope for this catalog. 
Continuing the analogy, those activities would be the responsibility of the architects and builders who create the blueprint and decide how the house is constructed to prevent break-ins—with reinforced doors, secure locks, strategic layouts/no backdoor, or built-in security systems.
It’s about designing security into the structure itself, not just safeguarding the build and handoff. 
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure I like the term "lock down" here (even if we're talking about controls, I prefer to think of it as "defending against yourself on your worst days").  How about:

> The baseline seeks to address security hygiene practices — much like workspace and product safety requirements in other domains.  Using a construction analogy, baseline is similar to the jobsite rules and processes (hard hats, fencing, etc) a builder uses to prevent injuries to workers as they are building a house, and also covers the documentation standards used to provide operation and maintenance instructions for the final owner.

Reviewer 3: I think some combination of Eddie's and Evan's suggestions are the right answer here. Let's see if I can come up with a good blend. :-)
